---
layout: post
title:      "Why here? Why now?"
date:       2020-07-24 22:52:58 -0400
permalink:  why_here_why_now
---


           
 Why did I decide to study software engineering? Hmmm... where do I start? I can't exactly remember the first moment it began, but I've always loved to fix things. Maybe it started with my bike as a kid. Instead of going to ask my dad to fix my bike, which I had just broken for the who-knows-how-many-th time, I simply ran into the laundry room where the tools were kept and started tinkering away at my bike until it rode the way I thought it was supposed to. That kind of tinkering turned into tryig to fix VCR's when movies got stuck inside. This trend continued through my life with whatever thing may be presenting me and inevitably all of my loved ones with problems, quickly becoming the families resident IT guy. 
						
Like everyone else who had a Myspace page in high school, I scowered the internet to figure out the little bit of HTML needed to make my page "stand out." The CS class and the HTML course I took in high school probably should have made me realize that this was something I could do, but I think I was always deep down just intimidated by code. I wrote it off as "meh that's out of my league, glad people do that for us," but I never really started digging around too much past Myspace and the little bit of Javascript we were introduced to in that HTML course; that and the little bit of R that I had used in college for work in a Biology lab, but again I never thought of it as something I would be able to do.
						
            
Fast forward some years and a kid later, and some of my friends start telling me they are starting coding bootcamps, and !wham! code re-enters my life. Every time I see my new coder friends, I find myself asking them question after question and I see their enthusiasm in their answers and it sparks the curiosity in me all over again. Life continues on though and yet another child later, only a few months after he is born, we are forced into quarantine along with the rest of our community and the world in the various forms and stages they may be. But that moment in time gave me a pause in my life, a moment to reflect, to start to consider how I was going to change something. Oh yeah, coding... Aren't there some free materials I can start fooling around with? I found freeCodeCamp and I fell in love. I blew through the HTML and CSS course, and after getting most of the way through the first Javascript course, I decided to find a bootcamp curriculum that would keep me on a defined path once I realized just how vast this world really was, but encountered with it this time it was a challenge, not a unclimable mountain, but a neverending journey that I'll continue building a more capable starship to traverse the cosmos of code. So 65 days straight of coding and loving every last mind-bending moment later, as I start this journey with Flatiron School, I will quote one of my son's favorite's, "To infinity and beyond!"
